# GriftlandsEveryoneDies

"Rich or poor, everyone dies." - Koqy, probably.

This mod for Griftlands adds options to remove plot armor, allowing you to break the game.

Version: 1.0.1
Workshop ID: 2596124635
Alias(Used for mod dependency): EveryoneDies

Author: RageLeague

Supported Languages: English, 简体中文

## What does this mod offers?

People who have played Griftlands for a while would notice that you can't interact with certain characters the same way you interact
any other characters. You will never get Fssh to hate you, and you will never find Rake except in the market stalls. That is because
these characters have plot armor, so they would not get in a generic situation that can get them killed.

This mod offers options to change that, and bring true equality for characters. Rich or poor, everyone dies.

This mod includes two mutators. "No More Plot Armour!" disables plot armor for all characters, which can get these characters into
situation that can get them killed. "Nowhere To Hide!" disables hiding for characters, allowing you to probably find Kashio prematurely.

Additionally, this mod offers several options that alters how characters behave, like removing functional tags such as "plot_armour",
"no_patron" and "no_friends" as well as allowing you to provoke in more situations. This mod also gives options to re-add removed
social boons/banes from this game.

Warning: Characters have plot armor for a reason. Certain characters are not supposed to die (until a certain point), so expect the
game to softlock or crash if you kill off a character prematurely.

## How to install?

### Directly from GitHub

With the official mod update, you can read about how to set up mods at https://forums.kleientertainment.com/forums/topic/116914-early-mod-support/.

1. Find `[user]/AppData/Roaming/Klei/Griftlands/` folder on your computer, or `[user]/AppData/Roaming/Klei/Griftlands_testing/` if you're on experimental. Find the folder with all the autogenerated files, log.txt, and `saves` directory. If you are on Steam, open the folder that starts with `steam-`. If you are on Epic, open the folder that contains only hexadecimal code.
2. Create a new folder called `mods` if you haven't already.
3. Clone this repository into that folder.
4. The `modinit.lua` file should be under `.../mods/[insert_repo_name_here]`.
5. Volia! Now the mod should work.

### Steam workshop

With the new official workshop support, you can directly install mods from steam workshop. You can read about it at https://forums.kleientertainment.com/forums/topic/121426-steam-workshop-beta/ and https://forums.kleientertainment.com/forums/topic/121488-example-mods/.

1. Subscribe this item.
2. Enable it in-game.
3. Volia!

## Changelog

### 1.0.1

* Add more requirement for files that uses a mutator.

### 1.0.0

* Mod released.
